# Customer Complaint Form

## What I learned
- I learned alot about using logic to make sure forms pass validation tests.
- This test challenged me to up my game in many different areas including regex, creating an object within a function using conditional values, working with HTML structure to style from the prexisting values in our object, and test values using forEach, every, if/else, and conditional operators
- I learned how to work with radio buttons/ checkboxes and assign results from a nodeList to change the style of the *parentElement* rather than trying to change the style of the checkbox-element itself
- I used several different occasions of event listeners to ensure all possible events to occur were accounted for.  I used events like form: 'submit' btn 'click' input 'keydown' input 'input' input 'change' 

## My Solution
- To create the object for the Validateform() function I used several if/ else statement to return either a true or a false value for each key I entered in.  I had to create a bunch of different test such as checking for empty responses, using regex to ensure patterns, and even parsing strings using Number.  
- For the checkbox and radio button inputs I used brackets to select the checkbox attribute from the fieldset and used :checked property to query for only the first value that was checked.
- I also checked if the other option was selected by querying specifically for the #other-solution and using :checked property.  If the other button was checked I used regex pattern to ensure the solution description had atleast 20 characters.
- Using the validate form I placed one parameter which was meant to accent the object returned from the validatieForm().  To ensure that every single value was true I first convertes the object values into an array using Object.values method on the object parameter, then checked for all truthy values using .every
-For checking individual truthy values I used an event listener that listened for form changes.  I used e.target.name to track whichever element had caused the event and because the id and name aligned with the object's key value, I was able to index values directly using the e.target.name or id as a key. The one issue was for the complaint and solution checkboxes because they were the childElement of the border that I was trying to change.  For these edgecases I had to manualy change the definitition of the fieldKey using if and if/else statement.
- I made sure to use if/else statement for the checkboxes because if I had just used if and if / else than the else statement would have re-assigned the previous fieldKey if a complaint box was checked and a solutions button was not checked
- To listed for every complain and radio button to reassign when a button was checked I used querySelectorAll to get the full nodelist.  Then I iterated through each checkbox and assigned the event listener to each box individually for a :checked value.
- To ensure that all form fields had been filled out this is where the isValid function came in handy.  First I used the 'submit' event to listen to form.  I only needed to check for one false value to I passed in the isValid function into an if statement with the validate form object which I assigned to a variable.  I used a for in loop which allowed me to iterate through every key in the object which I then could use to lookup each value.  If the key was false I now needed to change it's individual border color to red
- In order to change each individual border color to red I used a variable to assign it to the querying of the same id attribut of the element, which I was able to do using a template literal.  Then I could use another if statement to check that each element found that was false borderColor would be changed to red.
- To end things off for fun I decided to change the border of the radio buttons group to green once the description value had reached the desired character count.  To do this I used an event listener on the description and listened to each individual input.  I first had to ensure that the radio button checked was an other because I didn't want to change the border color if the radio buttons group if a non other button wasn't selected because that would overite the value when the button was not selected.  I also had to make sure to change the parentElement of the solutionDescription so the fieldsets border would change, not the individual textareea
